When your assignment is complete, please answer the questions in this text file and upload it to I-Learn.

Name:  Scott Nicholes

1. Please provide the URL of your public GitHub repository.
https://github.com/scott56gps/machine-learning-projects/tree/master


For questions 2-6, please type "True" or "False" in front of the question number.

True 2. My experiment shell can correctly load the Iris dataset:

True 3. My experiment shell randomizes the order of the instances (making sure to keep instances lined up with their appropriate targets) it and splits the data into a training set (70%) and a test set (30%)?

True 4. I have GaussianNB algorithm on the dataset and received results.

True 5. I have created a HardCoded classifier class with two methods: fit and predict. The fit method accepts training data (including targets). The predict method returns a prediction or classification for each instance it receives.

True 6. The Experiment Shell, processes the data, passes the training data to the classifier’s train method, the test data to the predict method, and then compares the predicted values against the correct answers, to produce an overall accuracy (on the test set).

True 7. I have run the HardCoded classifier on the Iris dataset and obtained a result.

True 8. What accuracy do you get when running the HardCoded classifier on the Iris dataset and why do you think that is?
The most recent run returned 36.00%.  I think it is this accuracy because the dataset is randomized each time the program is run.  Since I am always returning
the same value (0) from my classifier, 36% of the time, it hits a 0 in the randomized dataset. 


9. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
1 - Some attempt was made
2 - Developing, but significantly deficient
3 - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
-> 4 - Meets requirements
5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

10. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category:
I followed the instructions for the assignment to make the procedures of the program.  I finished it on Friday, and I intended to write above and beyond
code on Saturday, but I didn't get to doing it.  I looked up on the internet how to use the different sk_learn packages I used.  I collaborated with a fellow
student who helped me immensely understand the python language.  I am looking forward to learning more about python and Machine Learning.  By the end of the assignment,
I understood better how classifiers and models work, and how machine learning is about training the dataset.
